Review and Update the "Learn" Page (#1619)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn.md

<h1>Let’s learn Ballerina!</h1>
<div class="col-sm-12 col-md-12 cTwoCol cBallerinaLearnWrapper">

>    <p>Ballerina is meant to be a quick start for anyone with prior programming experience. Let's get you dancing with Ballerina!</p>

Reviewer: Can't we come up with something better for this? Had this same problem with the bad-sad error. Saying "dancing" sounds rather plain and odd in the context it's used in

Reviewer: If not, I'd much rather we go with something like "Let's get you up and running with Ballerina!" or something of the sort

Author: Changed to "Let's get Ballerina up and running!".

<div class="col-sm-12 col-md-12 cBallerinaLearnWrapper cGrayWrapper">
<div class="col-sm-12 col-md-4 cBoxContainer">
      <div class="cBallerina-Box">
     <p class="cBoxpara">Need to understand a particular feature? Check out an example about it.</p>
         <a class="cBallerinaLearnButtons cBBEButton" href="/learn/by-example/"><img src="/img/ballerina-bbe-logo.svg"/></a>
      </div>
   </div>
   <div class="col-sm-12 col-md-4 cBoxContainer">
      <div class="cBallerina-Box">
     <p class="cBoxpara">Learn the “batteries-included” standard library.</p>
         <a class="cBallerinaLearnButtons" href="/learn/api-docs/ballerina">The Standard Library</a>
      </div>
   </div>
   <div class="col-sm-12 col-md-4 cBoxContainer">
      <div class="cBallerina-Box">

>      <p class="cBoxpara">Read the language & platform specifications to understand the guts of the language.</p>

Reviewer: Shall we think of a better phrase than "guts of the language" to use here?

Author: Changed to "essentials".

>      <p class="cBoxpara">Read the language & platform specifications to understand the essentials of the language.</p>

Reviewer: The specs are not for understanding the essentials. Those are for people who want to get a deeper understanding of the design of the language. It's not for the average user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <p class="cBoxpara">Read the language & platform specifications to get an in-depth understanding of the language and its design.</p>
```

</tr>
</table>
<h3>Manage projects</h3>

> <p>Ballerina projects is the way to organize real world Ballerina development tasks. Learn more about them in the <a href="/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code/#projects">How to Structure Ballerina Code Guide</a>.</p>

Author: Fixed.

> <p>Ballerina projects is the way to organize real world Ballerina development tasks. Learn more about them in the <a href="/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code/#projects">How to Structure Ballerina Code Guide</a>.</p>

Reviewer: Still seems to be the same?

> <p>Ballerina projects is the way to organize real world Ballerina development tasks. Learn more about them in the <a href="/learn/how-to-structure-ballerina-code/#projects">How to Structure Ballerina Code Guide</a>.</p>

Author: Fixed.
